Video 1

Looking orward to the details this series is going to cover. With my background and experience in Linux for my capstone project at SJSU on 
a linux system, My hopes for these videos are to understand the somewhat mysterious Linux operating system as a whole.

Video 2

Understanding how to setup a virtual system and instantiate an operating system has many uses and advantages over formatting a set disk space
and preserving a chunk of unused memory. 

Video 3

PWD will be one of the commands I foresee myself using the most, as well as ls -l for a good amount of information on the file(s) in a specific
directory.

Video 4

Many more commands added prompted me to create a 'shortcuts' reference file.


Video 5

More commands -with arguements and introduction to the text editors, specifically nano. Also, adding arguments sucha s -r for recursive is a tool
I intend to only enter if I am 100% sure I'm aware of it's impact, such as when you should not use rm -rf on the root directory, or you will effectively
remove the entire OS and all the data on it.

Video 6

Use w and who to see logged-in users and what their doing. Note that from :0 is the loca host. More process-viewing programs like top and htop, along with
their basic funcitnoality were also introduced. 

Video 7

Review of basic command and more additional commands included below.

Commands:
Cat, cp, cd .., mkdir, pwd, rm -r, 
Text Editor to Learn:
emacs, vi NOTE: :wq! command(:), write(w), quit(q), and no warnigs(!)

...

Video 14

'init' is the first PID to run on the system and takes ownership of "un-parented" processes. Nicer processes have lower priorities and higher value 
in the nice category. The rest of the program flow is rather similar to what is seen in task manager and program flow

Video 15

Signals are how precesses communicate to each other and the kernal and the kernal in turn communicates hardware status to processes.

Commands:
kill, pkill, signal

Video 16

use htop in conjunciton with signal commands on firefox as an example of functionality. Nice level max priority is the min value of -20. Don't assign
processes this high of priority.

Video 17

learning about the proc file system. Each file is created as they're read and created on the fly. cmd is the current command being executed, cmdline is the 
command line of the precess, cwd shows link where the process is operating from, environ is the environment/path variables, map is mem map location and libraries used,
statm for memory. This is mostly used to be parsed with other programs, like htop, top, etc. Also, the stack trace can be shown using strace!

Video 18

Filesystems and pathnames (absolute/relative): 
Absolute: starts at root, so begins with "/" as opposed to a directory name, for instance "cd /root/username/Desktop"
Relative: start from the current directory. For example, "cd Desktop" while I'm in the /uroot/username directory, this will work.
Note, the command used is not the focus, but the directory is.

Video 19

Checks while troubleshooting: 
1) check if the process is running
2) check the configuraiton in /etc/ssh/
For admin purposes, if configuration is not in the /etc/ssh/ directory, you make people mad. So, place configurations in that folder. Check out 'man hier' for a
description on more directories.

Video 20

bin is the directory where binaries shipped with OS go. Linux keeps files elsewhere and links to bin. For etc on linux, they jam everything in /etc. Unix (as in 
Free DSB), port's tree and binaries keep configs separate from the base. Each file has stringent functions that should only 